It's like trying to fake the male orgasm,
and they'll probably do that, too.
Perfect answer.
No, you were on the five earlier,
and I'm surprised you didn't have that take on there.
I did.
They bleeped me.
I'm always getting censored.
But this is from the party that, you know,
when Pete Hegseth came out and said,
we have to have standards of physical fitness
in the military in order to be lethal and effective and feared.
And it was the Democrats on MSNBC were like, oh, my god,
that is so sizist and disgusting.
So you're telling me that you want women
to do difficult things in the military in order
to complete tasks so they can compete on the global stage?
What is wrong with you, you monster?
And it's like demonizing physical fitness.
They're like, these poor generals.
So you're telling me you want the people who lead the military
to be able to do the physical fitness standards that other
people in the military have to kill themselves trying to do?
What is wrong with you?
So it's like you've already shown what you despise.
And you can't, it is so, to Brian's point and his undescended testicle,
it is so inauthentic the next day to be like, oh, my god,
I think going to the gym is great, right?
Like, I go here.
It's so natural.
It's almost like, Adam, you would understand this.
It's almost like a racist saying there, oh, I love black people.
You get that.
Oh, all the time.
Look, I mean, to your point, I think everyone should try to get in shape.
Like, I'm on this new diet called Get Fatter Friends, where I just hang out.
But I do think that, like, I don't get my politics from a fitness influencer, just like I don't
get my fitness from Chris Christie.
Yes.
You know, and I think people should stay out of it, because I think it gets to be
too much.
Pretty soon you're going to be watching a porn, and the guy in the middle of it is going to
be like, I'm getting an SGD right now, but that's okay, because Republicans are taking
away my health care.
It's just like, but I do like that they're doing, like, guys like Gavin Newsom are doing,
like, this whole bro podcast, because it's exposing them.
Like he said, I'm a Swifty, but I can't name one Taylor Swift song.
Yes.
Which is like saying, I use deodorant, but I'm French.
So...
