if every time you showed up to work,
masked militants tried to kill you.
Because that's how we feel, that's our lived reality.
And you guys go and tell us that we're liars,
the riots aren't that bad, right?
I've never seen any of you guys on the ground.
In fact, I've never seen anybody representing
the companies you work for on the ground.
And welcome to Hannity.
We begin tonight with a Fox News alert.
Major, huge breaking news from the Middle East tonight.
The war in Gaza is now coming to an end.
The White House is now confirming
the deal between Israel.
Hamas is signed, it is sealed, it is delivered.
The White House is now confirming
the deal between Israel and Hamas.
It is, in fact, at that point moments ago on Truth Social.
President Trump posted the following, quote,
I am very proud to announce that Israel and Hamas
have both signed off on the first phase of our peace plan.
Now, this means that all of the hostages
will be released very soon,
and Israel will withdraw their troops
to an agreed upon line as the first steps towards a strong,
durable, everlasting peace.
All parties will be treated fairly.
This is a great day for the Arab and Muslim world, Israel,
all surrounding nations, and the United States of America.
And we thank the mediators from Qatar and Egypt and Turkey who worked with us to make this historic,
unprecedented event happen.
Blessed are the peacemakers.
Now, this is real transformational history in the making.
President Trump, he will join us on this show in just a moment.
But so many major things had to happen for this historic moment to occur.
For decades, most Arab nations, they have been completely unwilling to participate in helping to resolve this never-ending conflict.
President Trump was able to build a coalition, likely unthinkable, two years ago, one day after the historic, horrific, unprovoked attacks on Israel, October 7, 2023.
The equivalent of 40,000 dead Americans in a day, 1,500 dead Israelis.
They have a small population.
The president successfully negotiated these countries' commitments and involvement.
Also, President Trump was able to work with Israel after building a great relationship with Prime Minister Netanyahu.
And the prime minister was then willing to trust the president, sign off on concessions to build a lasting peace.
And the security guarantees that Israel will need to move forward.
But perhaps the most powerful message that President Donald J. Trump sent to the entire Middle East, the loudest message possible, was when the president followed through the principle of peace through strength.
He gave Iran a deadline for peace.
And when they rejected it, President Trump obliterated the Iranian nuclear sites this summer.
Now, the president said in the lead-up to tonight that we can do this the easy way or they can do it the hard way.
He warned in no uncertain terms, Hamas, that if they did not take the deal, he used the word, they would be obliterated.
Does anyone doubt that would have been the next step?
According to a report from our very own Jennifer Griffin, all 20 living hostages will be freed on the same day.
There will be no ceremonies inside of Gaza to humiliate the hostages before they are handed over.
Hours ago, here is how the president learned of the news during a press conference about Antifa.
Take a look.
Well, they're smart, but they're not smart enough.
They...
Oh, my microphone's broken.
...departments to find the criminal conspiracy.
Okay.
Thank you.
I'm just giving...
Mr. President!
Yeah, I was just given a note by the Secretary of State saying that we're very close to a deal in the Middle East, and they're going to need me pretty quickly.
I shall go this quickly.
