So change is afoot.
Suddenly the Dems are like, wait, these Republican guys are strong and confident.
Maybe we overcorrected.
A little toxicity is kind of hot.
And maybe being a helpless perpetual whiner isn't the path to happiness.
We call that growth.
And the first step is admitting you were wrong.
The second step is admitting you were wrong again.
Because I never get tired of hearing it.
But also, why not unblock all your conservative loved ones and admit that they're not Hitler,
even those with an undescended testicle?
You know, so not right.
I'd storm all if Katie Porter didn't beat me to it.
I'll be finished in a little bit, young man.
Thank you very much.
And even if the liberals' fitness is driven by politics, who cares?
They'll soon discover testosterone.
Then along with it, logic and reason and poof, they're wearing khakis and voting Republican.
The fact is, you can't hold your applause until we meet later.
The fact is, you can't be into fitness and into socialism, gender ideology, or open borders.
There is no redistribution at the gym.
You can't take someone else's well-earned muscles.
And you can't tell everyone that your scrawny biceps identify as 20-inch pythons.
And you can't work out at a good gym unless you're a member.
But that's the hidden genius of Trump.
He doesn't just make America great again.
He makes his enemies better, too.
By leaving the left in the dust, he's raised the bar,
which has forced them to start lifting it.
Let's welcome, here he is.
Tonight's guest.
The original name of his show was One Nation Hates Him.
Host of One Nation and Fox & Friends, Brian Kilmeade.
She went from interviewing smashing pumpkins to digesting prunes.
Host of the Kennedy Saves the World podcast, Kennedy.
He calls ice on his comedy show so that someone will show up.
Comedian Adam Hunter.
And when the FBI spied on her phone,
they only got info on how to poison your boss.
New York Times best-selling author and Fox News contributor, Cat 2.
You know, Brian, I know physical fitness and looking good
is not really your thing.
But do you think that it's okay to fake fitness to reach voters?
Is that a weird thing?
First off, I had to get paid for those two appearances
during your monologue, which I knew nothing about.
First off, I dare you mess with my upper body.
I am clean-shaven.
I'm defined.
I have great biceps.
My deltoys are to kill for.
Not even to bring up my triceps, but I digress.
First off, let's talk about authenticity.
You have RFK, who was fit before he was HHS secretary.
Pete Hegseth walked around here with a tank top and tattoos.
Oh, yeah.
We always knew how fit he was.
You know it.
But you have Javier Bechera and Lloyd Austin.
Let me ask you, who bleeds fitness?
It is, of course, these guys.
They were cheering for Donald Trump at UFC events
before he thought about running for president.
He loves golf.
He shows up at the Ryder Cup.
It becomes a frat party.
This is very authentic and sincere.
This is who they are.
The problem is they spend $10 million.
Am I going too long?
They spend $10 million on a focus group
to find out why Democrats are bleeding men.
$10 million.
All they have to find out is what men want
and what they stand for and then work through that lane.
The one thing that Trump has brought,
you have to be authentic.
You have to be yourself.
He's tough.
He's crude.
He is insulting.
But that's who he is, and America embraces it.
And these other people trying to do that is the problem.
Schumer cursed today.
I saw that.
Schumer hasn't cursed since 1981.
Yeah, he's like Burgess Meredith
from the Batman series, but on life support.
Kennedy, there is that phrase, fake it till you make it.
I'm sure you've heard of it.
Yeah.
Do you think the Democrats can fake
being into something that guys like
until they make it?
I'm not crazy about the idea of,
I feel like they have the equation reversed.
It's like, we're interested in Trump.
It's not like they can just suddenly
make us interested in them.
