Well, the administration will abide by the ruling insofar as it affects the covered parties,
but there are also many other options the president has to deploy federal resources and assets out of the U.S. military to Portland.
But I was making the point that under federal law, Section Title 10 of the U.S. Code,
the president has the authority anytime he believes federal resources are insufficient to federalize the National Guard
to carry out a mission necessary for public safety.
So it's important to understand that in Portland, ICE officers have been subjected to over 100 nights of terrorist assault,
doxing, murder threats, violent attack, and every other means imaginable to try to overturn the results of the last election through violence.
The most important point I want to make today is that the number one and two items in the GOP platform in 2024
were to turn back the border invasion and carry out the largest deportation program in American history.
Since inauguration day, there's been an orchestrated campaign of terrorism and violence against ICE officers.
Of course, we saw the recent sniper attack against ICE officers.
They're publishing their family's photos online.
They're threatening them with murder or threatening with death,
and they're physically attacking them in the street each and every day.
And yet, shamefully, the mayor and governor in Portland and Oregon have refused to render aid,
leaving ICE officers to street fight every single night against these terrorists.
You make the claim of terrorist assaults and violence attack over 100 nights,
and yet the judge overseeing this case says that that's untethered from reality.
And local officials on the ground say that Trump's assertion of what's happening is in Portland,
that it's war ravaged and burning to the ground, is far from true.
I looked at the police data, and police have made something like 70 total arrests since June,
and there are no reports of buildings being burned to the ground.
The White House cited a guillotine being rolled out as a public display of rebellion.
But there isn't actually a threat that these demonstrators are going to overthrow the government.
Are you concerned that that response weakens your legal argument?
